Hey guys just to let you know that starting from this video if we will write any code during the video
if you would like you can access lecture code for that particular video in the zip folder in the video
resources.
So let's take it out for a spin.
Let's say they're all going to be looking for the heading elements and we would like to get a source
code.
We can either click it here as you can see this would be the resources or while you're watching the
video let's say within the images we can start watching the video and then we can posit because we don't
listen to this guy and let's just say in the resources we're gonna have the availability for the images.
So this is how we can access the images.
In both cases the organ can download the zip folder for that particular lecture.
And then as I'm going out to my documents I would like to go to the downloads and you'll see I have
two zip folders.
I can just open up these zip folders and we're looking for the folder name.
And again this is going to work exactly the same for the image.
So I'm not going to show you both of them but we can just drag and drop it or however you would like
to open up in your text there.
Now if you want to save it obviously you would need to use it for your downloads and then maybe put
it in your documents or something like that.
But the general sense would be that if we'd like to access the code that we write in a video you can
always have access to it in the video resources.